# May

## Add json file name to the exported articles json

How does that filename get generated?

Where are the functions that do it?

generateList() { }

  saveFile(articles: any) {
    const jsonString = JSON.stringify(articles);
    fs.writeFile('./articles/articles.json', jsonString, (err) => { ... }

The written file is here:

articles\articles.json

Is it OK to use that file directly from different projects on this laptop?  Previously I copy it over to Tundra, but now that the AMP frontend is being worked on, it needs to be copied there as well.

## Summaries

Error: ENOENT: no such file or directory, open 'C:\Users\timof\repos\satisfactory\apps\nest-demo\src\app\bart\summaries\https%3A%2F%2Fwww.sportingnews.com%2Fau%2Fsoccer%2Fnews%2Fchelsea-vs-liverpool-score-live-fa-cup-final%2Fiurgrbkbcgva0algwhqhpyeo.txt'

This is becoming a pain in the ass.  My first suspicion is that the target article is too long for goose.  How do we test that out?  Does this take precendence over the important story creation?

It's worth looking into.  Not sure which has priority.

## Create a story from the dog-demo template upon article post

This is where the post gets written.

apps\nest-demo\src\app\trends\trends.service.ts

Since this is not the ideal way to generate stories from json files, it's best to not spend too much time on it.

Still, we don't want to just have a long html string literal there to plug in our variables to.

However, creating a lib to be used by a service didn't seem to work when we were trying to collect bing search results to put together for content to train our NPL model to create content with.

I think it's worth using a provider.

### NestJS providers

<https://docs.nestjs.com/providers>

A service is an injected provider used by the controller.  Maybe then we just need a new service to handle this exclusively.

apps\nest-demo\src\app\trends\trends.controller.ts

apps\nest-demo\src\app\trends\story.service.ts

Something about this seems a bit funny:

```ts
  @Post()
  create(@Body() createTrendDto: any) {
    this.storyService.create(createTrendDto);
    return this.trendsService.create(createTrendDto);
  }
```

We don't really use the result from either of these yet, so I suppose it's all right.  The user can optimistically look for the generated results elsewhere in the app.  Since some of the async tasks are long running sometimes its not possible to keep the connection open.

Or maybe it is.  Maybe we want to do something like Promises.all here and send aggrigated results back.  But for now, let's just focus on the functionality of generating a story from a template.

Renaming:
posts\-UFC-lightweight-champion-Charles-Oliveira-on-a-career-low.json

To:
posts\UFC-lightweight-champion-Charles-Oliveira-on-a-career-low.json

When trying to test the story.service, this laptop crashed.  There were two images donwloaded, and the usual summaries scraped and barted.  No summaries were created, so defo the barting needs to be looked at.

I think we gotta stop the automatic ml work.  Let the user kick off each step as they go.  Some images will not need to be used to generate other styled images.  An article with images from the public domain might be wanted to support the info in the stories.

So the only automatic generation happens when the user goes from the first post form to the final page.  The images selected in the previous stage are downloaded and then generation starts, at the same time the selected articles from the first step are downloaded and summarized.  This is causing the laptop to crash sometimes.  Not good.

I think the best thing to do is either not to have any images in the test-images directory, or don't choose any articles to summarize.

Or just keep all the directories empty and just focus on one action at a time for now.

## The download article feature

Hit the download from cloud icon on a news item and this is what we see:

bart.controller.getArticleSummary: article {
  link: 'https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2022/05/14/buffalo-new-york-shooting-tops/9778322002/'
}
bart.service.getArticleSummary: articleUrl <https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2022/05/14/buffalo-new-york-shooting-tops/9778322002/>

No file is written.

Hit that again and see this:

bart.controller.getArticleSummary: article {
  link: 'https://www.nytimes.com/live/2022/05/14/nyregion/buffalo-shooting'
}
bart.service.getArticleSummary: articleUrl <https://www.nytimes.com/live/2022/05/14/nyregion/buffalo-shooting>
bart.service getArticleSummary service err No model was supplied, defaulted to sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-6 (<https://huggingface.co/sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-6>)
bart.service getArticleSummary service err No model was supplied, defaulted to sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-6 (<https://huggingface.co/sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-6>)

That message is an indication that a file is written:

service err No model was supplied, defaulted to sshleifer

## Image content for stories

I need a sample like the dog-demo story using a sample post.

Downloading the dog-demo images seems to be the only way to get the correct dimensions.  The google inspector lies about the size of the image for some reason.

Downloading the square image, it uses a .webp format?

story_dog2_square.webp

And guess what?  It's a Google thing: *WebP is a modern image format that provides superior lossless and lossy compression for images on the web. Using WebP, webmasters and web developers can create smaller, richer images that make the web faster. 22 Mar 2022*

That looks pretty recent.  Wikipedia says not so fast: *Google announced the WebP format in September 2010, and released the first version of its supporting library in April 2018.*

Finding the size of the four images used for the poster and the first page of the dog-demo story proved a bit of a challenge.  I had to download the image, and then, there are three different views of a file property in the new Windows which installed itself automatically on my laptop last week.  This was despite me never authorizing that and delaying it each time it asked me.  All of a sudden, one morning, the installation had happened.  I think it was a disk space issue, as the hard drive was getting full, so I must have deleted enough content for the download to happen and complete.

```txt
story_dog2_portrait.jpg  720 x 960
story_dog2_square.jpg 720 x 720
story_dog2_landscape.jpg 720 x 541
story_dog2.jpg 720 x 1279
```

Now we need our first story to create.  What's it going to be?  I feel like we actually want a different route for creating stories.  Currently, we have a story service that is used alongside the trends service.  It makes sense when you do a post, but that means I can only make one from a new post.

It makes sense to just create a new route just to use this tool: [ImageMagic](https://stackabuse.com/working-with-images-in-node-js-graphicsmagick-and-imagemagick/).

How do we add new route again?  MECO BECO?

```txt
nx generate @nestjs/schematics:resource image --sourceRoot apps/nest-demo/src/app
```

The output looks like this:

```shell
-demo/src/appimof\repos\satisfactory>
√ What transport layer do you use? · rest
√ Would you like to generate CRUD entry points? (Y/n) · true
"SchematicsNestResource" schema is using the keyword "id" which its support is deprecated. Use "$id" for schema ID.
CREATE apps/nest-demo/src/app/image/image.controller.spec.ts
CREATE apps/nest-demo/src/app/image/image.controller.ts
CREATE apps/nest-demo/src/app/image/image.module.ts
CREATE apps/nest-demo/src/app/image/image.service.spec.ts
CREATE apps/nest-demo/src/app/image/image.service.ts
CREATE apps/nest-demo/src/app/image/dto/create-image.dto.ts
CREATE apps/nest-demo/src/app/image/dto/update-image.dto.ts
CREATE apps/nest-demo/src/app/image/entities/image.entity.ts
UPDATE apps/nest-demo/src/app/app.module.ts
```

I guess actually we will want to use GraphicsMagic: *GraphicsMagick has over ImageMagick include more efficiency, a smaller size, fewer security exploits and is generally more stable than ImageMagick.*

Sorry, that spelling looks a little odd: Magick.  Apparently, it's an archaic spelling of magic.

I'm not sure which version to download.  This is an old school app, served via Sourceforge.

The latest version is 1.3.38 (March 26, 2022)

The maintainer goes on a rant on main page of the files under the Special Issues title:

*The FTP site ftp.graphicsmagick.org is now shut down due to a lack of bandwith, extremely abusive users (including from Google and customers of Amazon Web Services), and a lack of support from the user community. Another factor is that FTP support has been removed from popular web browsers. This is very unfortunate since the site served multiple usages, including providing a lot of historical data (e.g. related to PNG) which may not be available elsewhere.*

*GraphicsMagick really does need some additional productive volunteers. For several years now, the burden has entirely been on me (Bob Friesenhahn). I have been sheparding the project for 20 years already (and contributed to ImageMagick and GraphicsMagick combined for 26 years already). It is not reasonable to expect someone with a full time job (and expecting to retire in a few years) to do all of the work.*

GraphicsMagick-1.3.38-windows.7z

For GraphicsMagick:

$ npm install gm

Next, the docs of course are not TypeScript.  The ol'JS style is:

const gm = require('gm');

The TypeScript was to do this is:

```js
import * as gm from 'gmi';
```

Put that in apps/nest-demo/src/app/image/image.service.ts

Then we get this error:

Cannot find module 'gmi' or its corresponding type declarations.ts(2307)

One way around this is to create our own generic types definition.  Create a file in the same directory like this:

gmi.d.ts

And put this in it:

```ts
declare module "gmi" {
  let gmi: any;
export = gmi;
}
```

Next, let's use it on a route:

```ts
  findOne(imagePath: string) {
    GM(imagePath).identify(function (err, value) {
      console.log(value);
      if (err) {
        console.log(err);
      }
    });
    return `This action returns a #${imagePath} image`;
  }
```

What is a path to on of our images?  Will it work with an s3 bucket url?  Worth a try.

But trying to start the server fails:

```shell
ERROR in ./apps/nest-demo/src/app/image/image.service.ts
Module not found: Error: Can't resolve 'gmi' in 'C:\Users\timof\repos\satisfactory\apps\nest-demo\src\app\image'
There was an error with the build. See above.
C:\Users\timof\repos\satisfactory\dist\apps\nest-demo\main.js was not restarted.
Error from chokidar (C:\): Error: EBUSY: resource busy or locked, lstat 'C:\DumpStack.log.tmp'
```

The package installed is:

    "gm": "^1.23.1",

So I think we have to change that import to gm and not gmi.

Then the server runs.  Now to test that route.

```sh[Nest] 9244   - 20/05/2022, 10:26:47 am   [RoutesResolver] ImageController {/api/image}: +2ms
[Nest] 9244   - 20/05/2022, 10:26:47 am   [RouterExplorer] Mapped {/api/image, POST} route +1ms
[Nest] 9244   - 20/05/2022, 10:26:47 am   [RouterExplorer] Mapped {/api/image, GET} route +2ms
[Nest] 9244   - 20/05/2022, 10:26:47 am   [RouterExplorer] Mapped {/api/image/:id, GET} route +2ms
[Nest] 9244   - 20/05/2022, 10:26:47 am   [RouterExplorer] Mapped {/api/image/:id, PATCH} route +2ms
[Nest] 9244   - 20/05/2022, 10:26:47 am   [RouterExplorer] Mapped {/api/image/:id, DELETE} route +1ms
```

<http://localhost:3333/api/image>

Works.

<http://localhost:3333/api/image/https://one-public-bucket.s3.ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com/AI+image+for+Man+City+vs+Atl%C3%A9tico+Madrid_Hayao.jpg>

Dones't work:

{"statusCode":404,"message":"Cannot GET /api/image/<https://one-public-bucket.s3.ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com/AI+image+for+Man+City+vs+Atl%C3%A9tico+Madrid_Hayao.jpg>","error":"Not Found"}

Just using any filename will result in this error:

```err
TypeError: gm is not a function
    at ImageService.findOne (C:\Users\timof\repos\satisfactory\dist\apps\nest-demo\webpack:\apps\nest-demo\src\app\image\image.service.ts:18:5)
```

This import seems to work when there are two names:

```ts
import * as gmi from 'gm';
```

apps\toonify\src\data\output-images\taj_mahal_width_500_model_mosaic_4e5_e2.jpg

Error: ENOENT: no such file or directory, open 'C:\Users\timof\repos\satisfactory\dist\apps\nest-demo\apps\toonify\src\data\output-images\taj_mahal_width_500_model_mosaic_4e5_e2.jpg'

Why is it looking in the dist folder?

What if I put the file here:

C:\Users\timof\repos\satisfactory\dist\apps\nest-demo\assets\AI-image-for-Man-City-vs-Atlético-Madrid.json

no such file or directory, open
C:\Users\timof\repos\satisfactory\dist\apps\nest-demo\taj_mahal_width_500_model_mosaic_4e5_e2.jpg'

Or here:

C:\Users\timof\repos\satisfactory\apps\nest-demo\taj_mahal_width_500_model_mosaic_4e5_e2.jpg

Error: ENOENT: no such file or directory, open C:\Users\timof\repos\satisfactory\dist\apps\nest-demo\taj_mahal_width_500_model_mosaic_4e5_e2.jpg

Or here rather:

dist\apps\nest-demo\taj_mahal_width_500_model_mosaic_4e5_e2.jpg

ImageService.findOne: imagePath apps/toonify/src/data/output-images/taj_mahal_width_500_model_mosaic_4e5_e2.jpg
[Nest] 4180   - 20/05/2022, 1:22:45 pm   [ExceptionsHandler] ENOENT: no such file or directory, open 'C:\Users\timof\repos\satisfactory\
dist\apps\nest-demo\taj_mahal_width_500_model_mosaic_4e5_e2.jpg' +32587ms
Error: ENOENT: no such file or directory, open 'C:\Users\timof\repos\satisfactory\
dist\apps\nest-demo\taj_mahal_width_500_model_mosaic_4e5_e2.jpg'

Copy the file there and use that path like this:

```ts
  findOne(imageName: string) {
    const imagePath = 'dist/apps/nest-demo/'+imageName;
    gmi(imagePath).identify(function (err, value) {
```

But it's a "TypeError: gmi is not a function"

Well, is that a problem in node or the usage in TypeScript.

I don't think it's usage.  We use fs the same way:

```ts
import * as fs from 'fs';
export class BartService {
  loadSummary() {
    const path = `./apps/nest-demo/src/app/bart/summary.txt`;
    fs.readFile(path, 'utf-8', (err, file) => {
      ...
```

Well, it;s a little different.

Here are what [the official docs](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gm) say:

Use ImageMagick instead of gm
Subclass gm to enable ImageMagick

```js
var fs = require('fs')
  , gm = require('gm').subClass({imageMagick: true});
// resize and remove EXIF profile data
gm('/path/to/my/img.jpg')
.resize(240, 240)
...
```

What is subClass?

How long have I been using JavaScript?

Full time since 2015.  And I've never seen that.  Too long spent in Angular and React lands.  I grew up with import, the older generation grew up with require.

<http://localhost:3333/api/image/taj_mahal_width_500_model_mosaic_4e5_e2.jpg>

I added a comment to [this open issue](https://github.com/aheckmann/gm/pull/827) from 2021 (last year) and I think it's time to try another lib at this point.

## Javascript image resizing libs

- [Sharp](https://www.positronx.io/node-rotate-resize-image-size-using-sharp-module-tutorial/)

Sharp works to create webp format also.

### Sharp

npm install sharp

```js
const sharp = require('sharp')
sharp('./assets/kid.jpg')
  .rotate()
  .resize(400)
  .jpeg({ mozjpeg: true })
  .toFile('./assets/img/new_resized_kid.jpg', (err, info) => {
    console.log('File has successfully resized.')
  })
```

Same thing as gm:

TypeError: sharp is not a function
    at ImageService.findOne (C:\Users\timof\repos\satisfactory\dist\apps\nest-demo\webpack:\apps\nest-demo\src\app\image\image.service.ts:20:12)

[This SO](https://github.com/RocketChat/Rocket.Chat/issues/13847) is quite an involved solution:

*this really does happen on arm64. the problem is that the rocketchat tarball contains bundle/programs/server/npm/node_modules/sharp/vendor/lib/ filled with a bunch of libraries for x86. when npm tries to install, it gets errors on those and sharp ends up not being configured correctly. (i suspect this happens to any non-x86 architecture or perhaps any linux distro that has a divergent libc version)*

*if that vendor dir is removed prior to building, sharp will go and fetch a new libvips tarball (the lib it has trouble linking) and recompile everything it needs.*

This is not an arm64 issue, because this laptop has an intel Core6 chip.  But maybe npm is not doing the right thing during installation.

It's also a little too suspicious now that both libraries would be unworkable in TypeScript, so I was encouraged to give other formats a try:

```ts
import sharp from 'sharp';
```

ReferenceError: sharp is not defined

Actually, this does work with a capital S for import Sharp.

Give GraphicsMagick a try again, and this is the output on the server:

value {}
err Error: Could not execute GraphicsMagick/ImageMagick: gm "identify" "-ping" "-verbose" "dist/apps/nest-demo/taj_mahal_width_500_model_mosaic_4e5_e2.jpg" this most likely means the gm/convert binaries can't be found

npm install -g gm

However, I still see the same error.  And considering that the app with eventually be deployed, Sharp is working via npm only, without a requirement for the cli, so using Sharp will make the app easier to deploy.

Here is our first image meta data:

```js
metadata {
  format: 'jpeg',
  width: 400,
  height: 278,
  space: 'srgb',
  channels: 3,
  depth: 'uchar',
  density: 72,
  chromaSubsampling: '4:2:0',
  isProgressive: true,
  hasProfile: false,
  hasAlpha: false
}
```

Next, how to crop an image into landscape, portrait and square formats.

### Extract/crop a region of the image

[The docs](https://sharp.pixelplumbing.com/api-resize) shows the API like this:

```txt
Use extract before resize for pre-resize extraction.
Use extract after resize for post-resize extraction.
Use extract before and after for both.
```

They show parameters, and have examples.

```js
sharp(input)
  .extract({ left: leftOffsetPre, top: topOffsetPre, width: widthPre, height: heightPre })
  .resize(width, height)
  .extract({ left: leftOffsetPost, top: topOffsetPost, width: widthPost, height: heightPost })
  .toFile(output, function(err) {
    // Extract a region, resize, then extract from the resized image
  });
```

Actually, we wouldn't need that second step.  This works for our purpose:

```ts
  findOne(imageName: string) {
    const imagePath = 'dist/apps/nest-demo/'+imageName;
    const saveImagePath = 'dist/apps/nest-demo/saved' + imageName;
    console.log('imagePath', imagePath);
    const image = Sharp(imagePath);
    image
      .metadata()
      .then((metadata) => {
        console.log('meta', metadata);
        Sharp(imagePath)
          .extract({
            left: 50,
            top: 50,
            width: metadata.width - 100,
            height: metadata.height - 100,
          })
          .toFile(saveImagePath, (err) => {
            console.log('done');
            if (err) {
              console.log('err', err);
            }
            // Extract a region of the input image, saving in the same format.
          });
      });
  }
```

## Creating landscape, portrait and square versions of an image

Next, we want to use this api to generate all the images we need.  For now, we just want to create the aspects we need with sane defaults.

For example, the offsets should place the cropped result as coming from the middle of the image.

Also, we want to put the image type in between the end of the image name and the file extension.

If the calling code knows the file name without the extension, and the extension, then they can pass it in.  We may as well let the caller decided what the offset type of image needed are.  Default will be all types and centered.  I imagine we will want the frontend to allow the user to move the cropped box around to center on what they want, but that feature can come later.

So with this input:

dist\apps\nest-demo\taj_mahal_width_500_model_mosaic_4e5_e2.jpg

We would want to see these files generated:

```txt
dist\apps\nest-demo\taj_mahal_width_500_model_mosaic_4e5_e2-landscape.jpg
dist\apps\nest-demo\taj_mahal_width_500_model_mosaic_4e5_e2-portrait.jpg
dist\apps\nest-demo\taj_mahal_width_500_model_mosaic_4e5_e2-square.jpg
dist\apps\nest-demo\taj_mahal_width_500_model_mosaic_4e5_e2-thumbnail.jpg
```
