# 2024

There are a few issues that are currently stopping easy usage of the app.

## Develop ahead of master, but work done on master

PS C:\Users\timof\repos\timo\satisfactory> git merge develop
Auto-merging README.md
CONFLICT (content): Merge conflict in README.md
Auto-merging apps/nest-demo/src/app/gan/gan.service.ts
Auto-merging package-lock.json
CONFLICT (content): Merge conflict in package-lock.json
Auto-merging package.json
Automatic merge failed; fix conflicts and then commit the result.

## posts\Kyrie-Irving.json causing error

Delete it, but what was the error?
posts\Kyrie-Irving.json

## The GAN images are broken

This was fixed with the help of the Claude-3.5 sonnet.

## Directory issues

The images are downloaded and cropped in
satisfactory\dist\apps\public dir.

Error: Input file is missing:
dist/apps/public/Teri_Garr_in_The_Black_Stallion-landscape_Hayao.jpg

The app is putting generated files in
satisfactory\apps\toonify\src\cartooned_img dir.

Change to that dir in apps\nest-demo\src\app\image\image.service.ts, but:

```err
TrendsService.create: createTrendDto Biden garbage comment
writeBucketFile: File not found ./apps/nest-demo/src/app/gan/bucket/Joe_Biden_2020_Paprika.jpg.json
got filename Biden-garbage-comment
writeBucketFile: File not found ./apps/nest-demo/src/app/gan/bucket/Joe_Biden_2020_Paprika.jpg.json
Biden-garbage-comment writing undefined
```

The dist dir is now missing.

## Generating the a post causes this error

Failed to load resource: net::ERR_CONNECTION_REFUSED
trends.component.ts:223

## When the server crashes, it needs to be restarted.

The frontend should report this sitch.

## Time ago re-render error

ERROR RuntimeError: NG0100: ExpressionChangedAfterItHasBeenCheckedError: Expression has changed after it was checked. Previous value: '16.959316666666666 minutes ago'. Current value: '16.959333333333333 minutes ago'.. Find more at https://angular.io/errors/NG0100

## AWS lockout

I am unable to login to AWS as it keeps asking me to set up MFA, which I have already done.

There is no option to skip or use my existing Authenticator app, and even if I follow the QR code to create a new entry, it will not accept the codes it gives me with that.

I replied to their billing email because I could find no contact email for them.

## The Biden error

```err
filename Biden-garbage-comment

C:\Users\timof\repos\timo\satisfactory\dist\apps\nest-demo\webpack:\apps\nest-demo\src\app\products\products.service.ts:123
                  width: jsonFile['one']['s3']['width'],
                                              ^
TypeError: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'width')
    at ProductsService.<anonymous> (C:\Users\timof\repos\timo\satisfactory\dist\apps\nest-demo\webpack:\apps\nest-demo\src\app\products\products.service.ts:123:47)
    at Generator.next (<anonymous>)
    at C:\Users\timof\repos\timo\satisfactory\node_modules\tslib\tslib.js:117:75
    at new Promise (<anonymous>)
    at Object.__awaiter (C:\Users\timof\repos\timo\satisfactory\node_modules\tslib\tslib.js:113:16)
    at C:\Users\timof\repos\timo\satisfactory\dist\apps\nest-demo\webpack:\apps\nest-demo\src\app\products\products.service.ts:96:50
    at FSReqCallback.oncomplete (node:fs:192:23)
```
